Add deprecation warnings for `send()`, `transfer()`, ABI coder v1, contract comparisons, virtual modifiers and `memory-safe-assembly` comment (#16174)
ethereum/solidity: docs/assembly.rst

        ...
    }

.. warning::
    The ``memory-safe-assembly`` special comment is deprecated and scheduled for

>     removal in the next breaking version (0.9).

Reviewer: I'd not commit to a specific version here (or in error messages). Hopefully we do remove them in 0.9, but plans can change and these kinds of things sometimes stay in longer.

```suggestion
    The ``memory-safe-assembly`` special comment is deprecated and scheduled for removal.
```

Reviewer: In fact this is actually incorrect in case of contract comparisons. These will not yet be removed in 0.9. Note that the feature is in the "Deprecate Only" column on the [0.9 planning board](https://github.com/orgs/argotorg/projects/26/views/1).

Reviewer: In case it wasn't clear, my comment was not only about this one instance. I see there are still quite a few error messages and notes in docs that explicitly mention 0.9.

>     For new code targeting recent compilers, prefer specifying the dialect string.

Reviewer 2: It just occurred to me that "dialect string" might be a bit obscure. The section introduces it as "assembly block annotation", shall we go with that one?

Author: Yeah, tbh I was a bit confused myself.
Changed.

        ...
    }

.. warning::

>     The ``memory-safe-assembly`` special comment will be deprecated in the next breaking version (0.9).

Reviewer 2: it will be removed, not deprecated.

Author: Done.

>     For new code targeting recent compilers, specify the assembly block annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In new code targeting recent compilers, use the assembly block annotation.
```

>     So, if you are not concerned with backward-compatibility with older compiler versions, prefer using the dialect string.

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, do we have a backwards-compatible way of handling this?

Author: I don't think so.

Reviewer: No, the comment was *the* backwards-compatible way to do it.

>     So, if you are not concerned with backward-compatibility with older compiler versions, prefer using the dialect string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For new code targeting recent compilers, prefer specifying the dialect string.
```

Author: Done.
